Stephen Stories 11 (Db admin), 4 (add ingredients) - total 3 weeks 
	11 Confirmation: Having a document for UML and Db descriptions
	4 Confirmation: Running line and showing db got larger
Nathaniel - Stories 7 (selecting recipes) and 8 (Searching ingredients) - total 3 weeks
  7 Confirmation: Being able to add up to 7 recipes in a week to a calandar
  8 Confirmation: Be able to find all recepies containing a specified ingredient
Liv - stories 9 (conversion) and 10 (scaling) - total 3 weeks
  9 Confirmation: ingredients on the shopping list simplify to store quantities (cups become ounces, grams, etc)
  10 Confirmaiton: recipes are scaled (correctly) upon request
Trinh Hong An
User Story 2: As a website developer, I want to have the website display 7 different recipes as a quick recommendation.
		Estimated time: 2 weeks
		Confirmation: As the customer connected to the website, they should be able to see 7 random recipes and they
		should be different from the 7 random recipes previously.
User Story 6: As a customer who likes to try different cuisines, I would like to be able to search through different sections 
(each section being mexican, etc.) to find recipes of different cuisines more easily.
		Estimated time: 1 week
		Confirmation: There should be sections buttons in the website to direct user to specific 
		category of recipes. There should be correct recipes of specific category in one section.
Hunter Hintz
User story 1a: As a shopper, I want to be able to add the necessary ingredients to a shopping list.
	Expected Duration: 2 week
	Confirmation: When the user selects a recipe, all the ingredients pertaining to the recipe get added to the shopping list, and adds quantity to items 		already added.
User Story 5: As a customer, I would like to remove items I already had from a recipe before converting it to a shopping list to avoid buying stuff I have already had.
	Expected Duration: 1 week
	Confirmation: When the user selects a recipe that they want to shop for, each ingredient has a checkbox that they can click on. If the ingredient is 		unchecked, that ingredient is removed from the finalized shopping list.
